Doc: Workaround for Running cargo test locally without signficant memory (#9402)
apache/arrow-datafusion: docs/source/contributor-guide/index.md

- `cargo test` to test
- etc.

> Note that running `cargo test` requires signficant memory resources, due to cargo running many tests in parallel by default. If you run into issues with slow tests or system lock ups, you can signficantly reduce the memory required by instead running `cargo test -- --test-threads=1`. For more information see [this issue](https://github.com/apache/arrow-datafusion/issues/5347).

Reviewer: Typo - Significantly, not Signficantly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that running `cargo test` requires significant memory resources, due to cargo running many tests in parallel by default. If you run into issues with slow tests or system lock ups, you can significantly reduce the memory required by instead running `cargo test -- --test-threads=1`. For more information see [this issue](https://github.com/apache/arrow-datafusion/issues/5347).
```
